Adding documentation (#16)
whimc/Portals: README.md

# WHIMC-Portals
[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/whimc/Portals?label=download&logo=github)](https://github.com/whimc/Portals/releases/latest)

> Portals is a Minecraft plugin that allows for the creation of custom portals with user-defined destinations. This plugin uses [Multiverse Portals](https://dev.bukkit.org/projects/multiverse-portals).

Reviewer: We don't use multiverse portals - this plugin was meant to replace it actually.

---
## Building
Build the source with Maven:
```
$ mvn install
```

---
## Commands

| Command                                             | Description                                                        |
|-----------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
|`/destination change <destination_name>`             | Sets the location of a destination to the user's current position. |
|`/destination clear <portal_name>`                   | Removes the destination of a portal.                               |
|`/destination create <destination_name>`             | Creates a new destination at the user's current position.          |
|`/destination info <destination_name>`               | Displays information about the current destination.                |
|`/destination list`                                  | Displays a list of all the existing destinations.                  |

> |`/destination purge <'invalid'/'no-portals'/'both'>` | Purges any unused and / or invalid destinations.                   |

Reviewer: Specify that "invalid" means it's in a non-existent world and "no-portals" just means it has no linked portals.

|`/destination remove <destination_name>`             | Removes a destination.                                             |
|`/destination set <portal_name> <destination_name>`  | Sets the destination of a portal.                                  |
|`/destination sethere <portal_name>`                 | Sets the destination of the portal to the user's current location. |
|`/destination teleport <destination_name>`           | Teleports the user to the provided destination.                    |

> |`/portal create <portal_name>`                       | Creates a permissionless portal using the selected location.       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`/portal create <portal_name>`                       | Creates a permissionless portal using the selected area.       |
```

|`/portal debug`                                      | Displays information about the portal being entered (no teleport). |
|`/portal info <portal_name>`                         | Displays information about a portal.                               |
|`/portal list`                                       | Lists all existing portals.                                        |

> |`/portal permission <permission_suffix>`             | Sets or removes portal permissions.                                |

Reviewer: You should add that the required permission ends up being `whimc-portals.entry.<permission_suffix>`

> |`/portal purge <'invalid'/'no-destination'/'both'>`  | Purges any unused and / or invalid portals.                        |

Reviewer: Same comment as the destination purge command

|`/portal refill <portal_name>`                       | Regenerates the filler of a portal.                                |
|`/portal remove <portal_name>`                       | Removes a portal.                                                  |
|`/portal reshape <portal_name>`                      | Reshape a portal to your current selection.                        |
|`/portal setfiller <portal_name> <block_type>`       | Sets the filler of a portal.                                       |
|`/portal teleport <portal_name>`                     | Teleports the user to the provided portal.                         |
|`/portal tool`                                       | Gives user the portal selector tool.                               |

### How to Create a Portal

> To setup a new portal you'll want to use the `wooden sword` tool to `left` and then `right` click two blocks to select an ``empty`` area. Then do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup a new portal you'll want to do `/portal tool` to get the portal selection tool. Then left click to select your first position and right click to select your second. These two blocks will be the bounding corners of a cuboid like WorldEdit. Then do:
```

> ```yaml

Reviewer: These can all just be normal code blocks. You wouldn't want to format it as yaml unless the content is actually yaml

Author: Whoops! Looks like I just copy pasted them and forgot to remove the language specifier lol

/portal create <portal_name>
/portal setfiller <portal_name> <block_type>
/portal permission <permission_suffix>
````

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note that _only_ air blocks will be replaced with the filler block.

```

After this, you'll want to configure a destination.

### How to Create and Set a Destination

> Destinations are independent of portals, so you can have many portals link to a single destination. To create a destination to stand in the place you want it and do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Destinations are independent of portals, so you can have many portals link to a single destination. To create a destination, stand where you'd like it to be and do:
```

```yaml
/destination create <destination_name>
````

You can then set a portal to link to it with:

```yaml
/destination set <portal_name> <destination_name>
````

Note that `/destination` has many other sub-commands, including:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5846359/136828198-ab093daf-1b08-481e-a352-f391a269c497.png)

---
## Configuration

### portalData.yml

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You shouldn't have to edit this file directly; everything can be done with commands.

```

Includes a listing of each portal with world, position info, destination and permissions as well as a listing of all destinations with worlds and positions.

#### Example
The file will look something like this:
```yaml
Portals:
  PortalName:
    world: WorldName
    pos1:
      x: 0
      y: 0
      z: 0
    pos2:
      x: 3
      y: 3
      z: 0
    destination: DestinationName
```

---

> ## Dependencies

Reviewer: There are no dependencies
